---
title: Welcome 2021!
description: Happy new year!! It's finally 2021, and it could not have come any sooner. I think I can confidently speak for all of us when I say 2020 was a bit of a sht-show.
read_time: "2 mins"
img-sm: "https://res.cloudinary.com/susanjsp/image/upload/v1609589545/my-blog/2021-sm_tprhpr.png"
img-lg: "https://res.cloudinary.com/susanjsp/image/upload/v1609589546/my-blog/2021-lg_c6sj3q.png"
category: 💁🏻‍♀️ personal
tags: personal
layout: post
---

Happy new year!! It's finally 2021, and it could not have come any sooner. I think I can confidently speak for all of us when I say 2020 was a bit of a sht-show. <!--break-->

I might start off with a mini retrospective of 2020, but I'll try not to dwell. Collectively, 2020 was a really horrible year, but there were a few small wins that I can celebrate and I hope you'll take some time to think about yours as well.

- My direct family and extended family have all stayed healthy during the year
- I was able to be there for and provide emotional support to some of my friends who were going through some difficult times
- I made the decision to pursue a career in software development and am incredibly lucky to have been able to attend a full-time bootcamp to upskill
- I met such supportive teachers and fellow students at my bootcamp, but unfortunately still haven't been able to meet them in person as I'm in a different city :(
- Was able to finally attend yoga classes and have been practising pretty consistently after wanting to for the longest time


It could just be the holiday season, but I've been so thankful for being able to see and have genuine, in-person connections with my close friends and family. To anyone who is still waiting to see their loved ones, hold on a little longer! It will get better.

Let's put these bittersweet memories of 2020 to rest, and welcome the new year. Here's to 2021 - the year that we'll all be cultivating the energy to accomplish great things. To everyone who is reading, studying, hustling or building projects to become a better developer, this year will bring great success. Whether you're looking to create a start-up, to finally land that first developer role or for those of you who are taking a break to extinguish the possibility of burnout, I'm rooting for you!

We're ready for you, 2021. Bring it on!


